Update installation instruction for global use (#8)
Edu4rdSHL/unimap: README.md

# extract it and continue to next step.
2. cargo build --release
# Now the binary is in ./target/release/unimap

> 3. cp ./target/release/unimap /usr/local/bin

Author: this command will copy the unimap binary to bin directory for global use.

> # copy the unimap binaries for run from everywhere

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Now you can use the `unimap` command from everyewhere.
```
